hello to all and his instructions
new videos company of the coup du
ranking result so I'll you
present called erwan yes alas
a blizzard skin sacha finally shoot
we I'm too ranked 7th art
and his head so if you do not see
now that it is normal
because with the little fans I actually
joke seems to be wrong but I
wanted to know why no idea
so here I present you my server
minecraft so the server is called
winder kraft when we write this gold price
rush yes skype hangs yes and so that
go it's called hour wind grace like
that's it like that and I'm going to hang up and
I will call him back
here we are so we were at windows
because the student does not know but I am
So you once you are there you
lesponne you do this loose 6.1 times
that you just made you flash mister
Your password
and your and you confirm your word of
go here the second time you
connect or multiple times makes you
flash login and your password
So here is the good grade
over there the exit you were there the
pvp release the ball eric so let's go there
have the rules that the friends we have
will tell me to be preserved then me if
do you want me the duo you the thing of the tray
then re number one paw shit this bread
of good time ban rule number 2 do not
insult those barely banjo
rule number 3 not be a son himself
became final penalty ban
the numbers 4 do not do not do not
ask hope or that number
4 not to make the request and hop or to
live or be fat kick weeks
good both ban zhai two hours no
it's still racism I'm very
how to say very demanding we will say
Well, it's as soon as I see something like
dirty white dirty black cat arabic it
chinese chef
ok that's still going bahia spitting I
cut it would be so much better
so I am very strict on it because
that joys of Belgian racism good of
then there I am I do not like the
racism
ok but especially goes well nettles so here
he'll be there soon after you there
have them set here you have the output
air access quality petter not know
everything to play for you
can get out my parents come in and
go out with businessmen but
think of all the honors late I get
disabled and other side the base is
Same thing and the grade there but for me
did not score them but the grades are there
there is the rank citizens that all
this 2nd grade fighters bases
legendary banter pierrois and and that's
everything and after others they are
little ars tapes and kits brings
it's the alchemist also dian
terrorists and July 29 and 26 at the g20
and he was rocked for youtube hour there
no I 'm going there rather than anything
I was ok intimate stick players ok that's it
so in fact once we are here I
do not know if I was not eating more if
I have a kitchen so soon as soon as
we will have finished all the maps of
arenas a verb you'll get right or
slash world pvp or a v1 I do not know
again and there you will
right baal and the pvp reverse but you
do not lose any power and no
how is it called no you lose
not your stuff since it's the staff
already 10 actually they and basic gif you
click on a panel and you have
your stuff do not know if you know
or not but hey what is it
now you know so too
for giant did not prompt so for that
which is the site is you go on his
revenge and there and there you go
you're fed up going on this link for
vote for the server where to click
on it and 7 to vote or so go on
this link not even on our website and
his words clicks and siu fai piece a
foxy lifted once it's done i
said you're gonna go you'll be coming
on bottom on the site and from the site
you will simply be able to buy
degraded all that so there I have
personally i'm waiting for you with
impatience
and then came me I tell you subscribe
you subscribe you come on the server
and
I am really looking much you spent
this is my project for subscribers and I
account that having a dedicated server
much more powerful so me I you
say to the next finals and you have everything
the world brief Russian dip at the end
of the month so re also i just wanted
say that for grades well you
can pay by on the site to you
will have it directly on the server and
then ben
I wanted to say something and what
is the texture pack I'll give you
soon not that I do not have
still finished and I still miss him full
insignia stuff so good I you
will give later so that's what I
know on this axis and the mushroom if the
stumps where they are all beautiful
this is beautiful and I wanted to tell you
also for gallega grades
the rank fighters me it hurts and
thank you go have you everyone
subscribe to the feet it came on the
many flavors it's really
my project for 600 subscribers so I
really count on you and on the 600
subscribers really thank you
I give you 600 million thanks to
finds that right now it's
really hard to continue to do
start youtube and thanks to your beautiful
I am here and thank you
so much so I hope you go
come many and me personally I
will be daily on
so if you want to see you stuff
like that there is no problem I will
there for you thank you you have everyone
udder